cannot believe i just paid 12 dollars for this curry chicken rice .i wish i can compare what they give me with cafe mami  . cannot believe i just paid 12 dollars for this curry chicken rice .i wish i can compare what they give me with cafe mami  .
very vulgar and disrespectful when talking to customers . handles the dogs rough and dropped a poodle while i was there . would not recommend over any of the other groomers in the area
1 . parking is horrible . the maintenance people and the staff live on site and some of them have 3 or more cars and take all the good spots even the garages . step it up on the appliances san paloma , step it up on the parking !
very dirty . do not stay here ! gross . we left for fear of assault .
i used to live around the corner from this place and being an italian from new england , i was really , really looking forward to their opening . definitely not going back .
this is also for atlanta chimney repair  (same phone number as peachtree cleaning ) run by leo . you had two months , leo , and i still have no check . i kissed my  $200 goodbye and you now have another one star review .
ok take my drink while I am still sucking down the last on it after i told you i was not quite finished ? not coming back
do not recommend ! it is so disappointing to write this because the staff does come off as so caring , however please think twice before taking your pet here .
staff and management are terrible . all of the best servers are gone . food was slow and cold . very disappointed . staff and management are terrible . all of the best servers are gone . food was slow and cold . very disappointed .
friday , january 29 , 2016 , i visited piece of cake on cobb parkway and will never again . ugh ! this place is expensive . too expensive for me to spending my money on sub par cupcakes .
omg  - great therapists , horrible business . save your time and money . find another place to get your massage .
this place is always missing an ingredient . always falling short . staff sucks makes stuff sloppy . this place is always missing an ingredient . always falling short . staff sucks makes stuff sloppy .
the food was just not good for the price . the service was subpar . go here for the wine and eat elsewhere . the food was just not good for the price . the service was subpar . go here for the wine and eat elsewhere .
honestly i do not even want to give them one star . this place is a sham , do not get any treatments here ! the staff is not adequately trained and the services are not rendered professionally at all .
the price somehow kept going up and up as the in home estimate went on . he also complained a lot about boston customers to me , a boston customer .
less than average sushi . small portions . americanized offerings . i do not recommend this place . less than average sushi . small portions . americanized offerings . i do not recommend this place .
imagine being super hungry and excited to tear into your chirashi bowl . all the assortment of fish and yummy sushi rice . if you are a sushi connoisseur , stay away from this place . i have never been this disappointed .
this place sucks they take forever to drop off a deposit and they can careless . this place sucks they take forever to drop off a deposit and they can careless .
epic ikea buying experiences do not buy ikea .
the person working this morning was not very kind .almost rude . she was definitely not well trained in customer service . better to go elsewhere in atlanta where they actually make it .
really sad to say that we will not be back . service is everything in a town were we have choices . please do better bombay cricket .
i was really hoping this would be my new place . but unfortunately , it will not be . as a follow up to this review , the store tried to call and argue with me about my review . clearly , customer service does not matter here !
food : 3 /10  (everything was too salty ) if you decided to dine here , i wish you the best of luck .
i was very upset after i went here . defiantly wont come back .
update november 10th 2018 went here this weekend and ordered the broccoli and garlic sauce . i have never seen one in a brightsauce but man was it delicious . i requested it to be spicy and they did
this cvs is absolutely horrible and has sullied my opinion of the entire brand . here 's what i experienced : i stopped shopping at this cvs all together .
here is the low down on this company  - - this company provides the travel arrangements for time share companies to well -known vacation spots in orlando and las vegas . beware !
this is not a dive bar , it is an entire rung below that . it is irredeemably lame . this is not a dive bar , it is an entire rung below that . it is irredeemably lame .
my cat had been to our family vet earlier in the week  (thursday ) and blood work showed no significant problems so we decided to wait and check back in on monday ashamed .
worst return policy ever ! shoes are final sale really ? ! i am never going back ! worst return policy ever ! shoes are final sale really ? ! i am never going back !
save your time , and feel respected anywhere but here ! better off going to menchies or angels donuts .
fatburger  - not fat at all  ! vera 's is so superior .
not surprised to see the other terrible reviews here . thanks ups . grrrr .
had such high hopes for clover and left feeling disappointed . i got a falafel plate and found it very lacking in flavor . had such high hopes for clover and left feeling disappointed . i got a falafel plate and found it very lacking in flavor .
$15 hair cut for a cheap haircut supercuts on boylston is better . for a decent haircut , try floyd 's  (explicitly ask for a barber instead of a stylist if you want short hair ) .
great entertainment , the worst service . go for the entertainment , but eat somewhere else
i hate to pile on , but the strand brothers and their customer service department are terrible and do not deserve my business nor any new customers . very disappointing .
package never showed up . cannot believe this company can get away with this horrendous service . I am assuming they stole my stuff ? package never showed up . cannot believe this company can get away with this horrendous service . I am assuming they stole my stuff ?
so how about i went to er today for chest pains . the dr came inbthe room all of about 2 min . they did do the normal blood work with the iv , urine test , and xrays . simply ridiculous
i really liked this club when i joined . read the reviews and decide for yourself .
i have filled  ~40 prescriptions here , but most of the time they are too busy to answer the phone , sort out interactions , or fill them while you wait . if you are slammed that much , hire more techs .
the fried chicken wings are cold . no flavour . expensive . service was slower than i prefer . the fried chicken wings are cold . no flavour . expensive . service was slower than i prefer .
please read this before visiting town center medical . i cannot in good faith recommend this office to anyone .
this review is for my experience as a guest attending a function at the hotel . and this is just 3 examples of the lack of service . sadly the meal was not great enough to allow one to overlook bad service .
drink was horrible , service took forever . fortunately , i do not really see any reason why i would ever have to return . drink was horrible , service took forever . fortunately , i do not really see any reason why i would ever have to return .
3 mexican cucumbers  $8 .41 are there any minus stars for a yelp review for me to use ? one star is way to much of what they deserve .
warning  : before buying furniture at the pflugerville store , read the ratings on delivery satisfaction , you will be amazed  !  . more complaints for ashley furniture than any other store  . will not shop there anymore .
hi all , ali , please return my calls or email .
coming from montreal where even mcdonals pountine was decent , i was really disappointed by this place . bits of poutine was cold . coming from montreal where even mcdonals pountine was decent , i was really disappointed by this place . bits of poutine was cold .
left without eating , this is why : might as well throw this in , we were seated in the normal dining room , and i was treated to overhearing the sexually explicit joking of the chefs in the open kitchen loud and clear while we waited for service .
not from the atl but here are the top reasons why this place should be avoided at all cost . go here you will be massively disappointed or read this honest review and go somewhere light years better in this amazing city .
if i could give 0 stars i would . for the price and experience , it was not worth it . there are other options I will go to next time over wahlburgers .
lots of signs outside saying the place has everything on sale , but you get in and then read  "unless otherwise marked . " sure enough , most things are  "otherwise marked . " and it is always empty . just you and tons of old clothes .
i went there it was 11 :00 . they were not open . i saw a staff member . all i got was her shaking her head . at least give a hint of when you will be open or say 5 minutes .
waitress was rude . she threw the credit card at me after my friend and i requested for the billl to be split waitress was rude . she threw the credit card at me after my friend and i requested for the billl to be split
do not order from this store worst customer service i have ever experienced  (coming from someone who once worked in customer service ) save yourself the headache if you value your time and money .
service is terrible . food is worse . you are better off saving the money and eating the peanuts on your flight . service is terrible . food is worse . you are better off saving the money and eating the peanuts on your flight .
showed up right as they were closing . there were still customers inside , and we knew what we wanted .  (80 dollars worth of product ) we went to petco and bought it there instead , and everything else from here on out .
i would not recommend . i was excited to try this place but i was totally disappointed . the music is the best part . i would not recommend . i was excited to try this place but i was totally disappointed . the music is the best part .
my french bulldog had a herniated disc . they charged me around  $380 for a consult and an iv . did not even give him pain meds bottom like do not go here they only care about your money
avoid avoid avoid at all costs . do not rent from this place . avoid like the plague !
bland food served room temp  - a shitty haiku review
limited menu but first class atmosphere but overpriced and small portions . we left hungry ! limited menu but first class atmosphere but overpriced and small portions . we left hungry !
this my second year having a mother 's day brunch . there is no 0 available to submit .
this will be very quick zipcar customer service suckssssss ! this will be very quick zipcar customer service suckssssss !
i am always upset when i pay for something that the waiter forgets to bring and when i am asking for a glass and lisa , the waitress brings me an extremely dirty one . oh well never hope , always be alert and check .
the doormens do not even say hi , good afternoon or something . minors cannot enter  . however , nowhere says that
4 trips for balancing and alignment nice folks and decent service but just cannot seem to get it right .
bought a groupon for a brazilian here . yikes . spent the rest of my night at home recovering . worst waxing I have ever had . the place seemed nice .maybe they do nice haircuts , but i shant trust them with my nether regions again .
20 mins for food in the drive thru is unacceptable but it is the norm here . go to 122nd and glisan . 20 mins for food in the drive thru is unacceptable but it is the norm here . go to 122nd and glisan .
very unreliable , service outages are crazy . recently moved to xfinity from resin . i never had service outage issues with verizon . very unreliable , service outages are crazy . recently moved to xfinity from resin . i never had service outage issues with verizon .
since my email was returned from philly 's website , I am posting it here : kristen
the steak was very dry . they did not give us no forks or spoons , no dressing . an when their close their closed the steak was very dry . they did not give us no forks or spoons , no dressing . an when their close their closed
butthole at the window deliberately refused to sell gravy to me with my tenders . i repeated my order 3 times and then he even lied to my face at the window when he handed my order to me  . today 's visit was worse than usual .
terrible staff with terrible service . wrong bill and did not fix the issue . left the problem with the customer . very unprofessional . terrible staff with terrible service . wrong bill and did not fix the issue . left the problem with the customer . very unprofessional .
1st visit : i know i should not have come back after my first visit , food is good but the staff is abominable is to how they treat their customers , there is still better pizza throughout salem , and for a much more reasonable price .
terrible service , offers no solutions when booked . hopefully things change as i would like to see this place do well . terrible service , offers no solutions when booked . hopefully things change as i would like to see this place do well .
a vegan sandwich does not come with cheese on the sandwich and bits of ham scattered under the sandwiches . georgia tech needs better direct -billed catering options .
double charges on your credit card . check your bank statement after eating here , they will charge you for beers you never drank . double charges on your credit card . check your bank statement after eating here , they will charge you for beers you never drank .
my friends , something is drastically wrong in this world when you order three pabst blue ribbon beers and recieve a bill for 15 dollars . pricey , bad help , and for the love of god - - five bucks for a pbr ?
we regret moving in due to pest control issues . we have had multiple colonies of ants infest the apartment , followed by spiders . we regret moving in due to pest control issues . we have had multiple colonies of ants infest the apartment , followed by spiders .
so packed on a weekend night in southie . so small as well . so packed on a weekend night in southie . so small as well .
if you want your coffee and food served with arrogance and attitude , this is the spot ! if you want your coffee and food served with arrogance and attitude , this is the spot !
ok , firstly i do not really like to give anything a one start rating but in this case , tgi friday really did earn it . maybe this was a one off bad experience but i know i will never return to this tgi friday .
this place is filthy ! dirtiest restaurant we have been to in the columbus area . surprised the health department has not paid a visit this place is filthy ! dirtiest restaurant we have been to in the columbus area . surprised the health department has not paid a visit
so here 's the thing . so please , get better customer service , so that we can enjoy your food even more .
this place is terrible ! they ended up moving us to a whole other resort after i complained to a third person . no star increase because i had to keep calling . but if yo do have problems just know to keep calling back every 15 minutes .
please tusk , think it twice . setting air conditioning with windows wide open and when it is not even warm is just a shame .  +too much salt in french fries . all other plates /service , very good . thanks
too many hidden fees . one wiped out a third of my account . very shady people . too many hidden fees . one wiped out a third of my account . very shady people .
preying on people who need actual help for actual health issues . turned completely rude and cold after they failed to obtain my old medical records . basically if we cannot get more money out of you immediately  .  "next ! " avoid .
awful service , did not let us in because one of our friends was wearing joggers . do not suggest awful service , did not let us in because one of our friends was wearing joggers . do not suggest
do not they advertise they serve late night dining : 11 :00pm -1 :30am ? ? hello ! liar liar .
save your time and go some place else ! worst place ever with horrendous customer service . never again . save your time and go some place else ! worst place ever with horrendous customer service . never again .
meh . it is okay . when in a thursday . long line up limited seating . we got 3 different dishes including the special of the day and an appetizer . it is ig worthy but not foodie worthy .
i happened to be in the neighborhood and saw a  "clearance " sign hanging up . i happened to be in the neighborhood and saw a  "clearance " sign hanging up .
very disappointing food lift should quit trying to serve expensive , upscale food as they obviously do not know how to deliver a consistent quality result . they should focus on burgers , beer  & bbq . we will not be going back .
they are crooks . do not waste your time .  (and do not bother leaving a comment on this . you had multiple chances to make this right . )
horrible , horrible horrible ! no bueno baby a 's . hopefully this place will be better prepared in sept or next year around this time . i mean cinco de mayo lands on the same calendar numeric day every year for eternity !
this place really sucks . avoid this place like the bubonic plague  ! alright then , enough said : avoid this lowly establishment as if your life depended upon it  - - - for , in fact , it really may depend upon it  !
after a night out at the bar we decided to soak up some of the alcohol with a guilty pleasure late night order of food . all the alcohol in the world could not convince me to order from here again .
i went in with an issue but manager could not speak time for 20 minutes even though i could see him and no other customers in bank . replace them with ai robots !
do not go to this restaurant in disney springs . this is not disney quality or for that matter mcdonald 's could have been better uhh .
during the covid -19 pandemic , i believed i was supporting a local business by purchasing food from their location . however , i was immensely disappointed with the customer service for the following reasons : would not recommend !
just called to cancel an appointment as i was instructed to do so if feeling better . receptionist bonnie was extremely rude . just called to cancel an appointment as i was instructed to do so if feeling better . receptionist bonnie was extremely rude .
nasty pretzels  . we got plain pretzels and they tasted like chemical . we swapped out 2 seperate times even to the cup pretzels and all had a bitter sour chem taste . love the one downstairs ! god bless both stores : )
incompetent and thieves . update : the supervisor called me back saying he  "did some additional research and found out what happened to the other 2 pieces . " so the issue has been resolved . I had still be wary of these guys .
two words : whiteman 's burrito . save yourself money and go buy your own ingredients and make your own burrito . it takes absolutely no skills to make their burritos .
would give a zero if i could .what has happened to this place ? the place was dead . i had heard that this place is going down . until today me family has had good experiences here . will never step a foot into this hospital again !
wow . bad service , plus overpriced for the serving size and quality . food meh . left hungry . overpriced . poor service . yikes .
i found the process to be unnecessarily cumbersome and the staff to be rude . for sure , will never patronize this business again . looking at reviews it seems this level of customer service is standard .
very disappointed with the service . make me travel all the way back to pick up the missing food due to their mistake .
after nearly five years of taking classes at dance 101 , i am planning never to go back . gotta dance and other studios in the area are much nicer  (and cheaper ! ) and the faculty are as good or better than those at dance 101 .
wish i had googled it before we stepped inside , it turns out this place is a chain from nyc where the reviews were equally as terrible as our own experiences . magical .
wood will not burn . i will not be going back . a waste of  $100 . wood will not burn . i will not be going back . a waste of  $100 .
worst bahn mi I have ever had . non existent pickling , stale bread , tofu was slimy . should have had a mod pizza worst bahn mi I have ever had . non existent pickling , stale bread , tofu was slimy . should have had a mod pizza
very horrible ! this place is disgusting ! they do a horrible job and do not seem to care about there customers very unprofessional ! very horrible ! this place is disgusting ! they do a horrible job and do not seem to care about there customers very unprofessional !
below average thai food . does not compare to others . i highly recommend you choose elsewhere . below average thai food . does not compare to others . i highly recommend you choose elsewhere .
we made the hike to larry 's a few weeks ago , and the experience was sub par . re -workining his menu a bit should get these ratings up .
music was loud  , too loud . left before food even came . told desk but they did not care . music was loud  , too loud . left before food even came . told desk but they did not care .
my stay was here from 6 :00 am to 11 :00 am and i paid  $70 .70  (overpriced . ) for this  .  "oasis of retreat " . smell like shit . dirty and ugly . definitely not recommended !
I have seen shuttles from all the off airport rentals at least twice now  (sixth 3x ) and still no ace . not a cool way to start this business transaction .
great doctors  .  .  . I had never have guessed , but it is even harder during covid .
do not come here if they are busy they will not dry your vehicle properly defeating the purpose of a car wash do not come here if they are busy they will not dry your vehicle properly defeating the purpose of a car wash
i would not refer this cpa or this guy david tucker for anyone to do business with . i don not recommend him to even your enemy .
editing to one star here as multiple people have told me about getting hurt from their lack of coaching and warm ups ! so glad i did not join .this is exactly the type of gym that gives crossfit an unfair bad name .
very bad people are working in this agancy . please stay away from them ! very bad people are working in this agancy . please stay away from them !
you make my tummy hurt  : ( you really make my tummy hurt !  : (
boulder community hospital needs to review there billing process /management they sent me to collections for  .13cents . yes you read it correctly  .13 cents . strange how i never received a statement for the  .13 cents .
i deeply regret moving into this place . in short , do yourself a favor and do not move here .
the take home message : review written , jackass .
slow ? you had  / you would have to be dead to be slower . manager is a waste of skin and does not help . are we in an airport ? you had  / you would never know . 26 minutes for 2 plain hotdogs .
we drive an hour to get here and the lady says only 10 reservations and the rest walk -in and they are full . you should have reserved on the website ! does not look like a regular cat cafe .
just when we thought it could not get any worse . food , service , management , price  - why is this place still open ? tl ;dr  - awful service , awful food , awful prices , and awful management . I had rather go to mcdonald 's .
service was bad . had to ask for refills on drinks twice . food was cold . would not recommend eating at this place . service was bad . had to ask for refills on drinks twice . food was cold . would not recommend eating at this place .
I will be back again to see if i can flip this review around . see photos below .
